In the last lecture we set up some extras we will probably need.
Now let's work on the reducers 40s.
So in the reducers I know that the action will be of type of type recipe actions.
So let's import this year at the top of this fall and import everything as recipe actually WIPs recipe
actions from this dot slash recipe actions file and it is the type of this action.
It's recipe action start recipe actions.
So any of the actions we make available down here with this export.
So with does union type with that we know what the action is.
Now we can see which case freedom so switch the action type and find out what we have to do with it.
The first case could be that we have an action which is of Taieb recipe actions and there may be set
recipes.
Now if that is the case then we want to return a new state where we of course distribute all the previous
state properties but we override recipes by simple things simply setting it equal to the recipes we
get passed into this state.
So here I will also use the spread operator on actions on action payload because payload will be an
array of of recipes in this case and you distribute it in an immutable way.
I'll use the spread operator.
So that's the first case I want to handle the next case is recipe actions and recipe.
It's all really simple to handle.
Return a new object where we distribute the old state properties and recipe is now as an array which
is the old array Plus a new element.
So spread out state recipes and then add this new action payload which is just to be added recipe your
should use add recipe uppercase though because we're checking the string value this unique identifier.
So with that we get this handled too.
Now to the more complicated cases recipe actions and then your update recipe for example
here we need to do a bit more.
In the end we will of course return a javascript object here to use that we can already say return that.
But before we do so we need to update elements so we need to first of all find out which element this
is.
So the recipe we're looking for can be find found in our state recipes array.
And there it will have the action payload index the index we passed with that action.
So that's the recipe you want to change.
So the updated recipe therefore is a javascript object where it will distribute the properties of the
old recipe to change it in an immutable way and then add the properties of the new recipe.
So action payload updated recipe.
And now I can simply replace States in wide array of recipes so the recipes of course to use it in an
immutable way is the elements of my recipes are in the state.
So if the spread operator uphold these elements out of the array and then I immediately add them to
a new array.
To do this in an immutable way.
Now I need to replace one of these recipes by saying recipes at the position action payload index should
be equal to the updated recipe.
And now with that we can simply say that recipes should be equal to recipes here which of course is
this array of recipes which we changed.
So now we get this too.
Now let's make sure we can do a little recipe with recipe actions delete recipe.
In this case I simply want to also get my recipes array.
So fetch it like this old recipes and I want to remove one element silicones old recipes splice and
now fetch action payload indexed This is where I want to start.
Excuse me action payload.
This already is the index for this action because in actions we define this to be a number.
So payload is just a number it will beat the index.
So just start at the payload which is the starting index and remove one element and then we can return
a javascript object where we use the old state properties and then simply say recipe's is now old recipes.
Well not really.
Old B could also name it deleted recipes or whatever you like.
It is through recipes without the recipe we removed so the reducer is looking almost finished.
Let's add a default case we just return to a state can remove that element or this expression for that
reason.
And now the reducers should be finished.
Now it's time to start dispatching and selecting state in our application.